feat(apm):go security agent v1.0.0 documentation (#16226)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/go-agent/configuration/go-agent-configuration.mdx

  </Collapser>

</CollapserGroup>

## Security Agent

[New Relic Security agent interactive applications security testing](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/iast/introduction/) (IAST) tests your applications for any exploitable vulnerability by replaying the generated HTTP request with vulnerable payloads. Similar to the go agent config, the security agent is configured through option functions that are passed to the Init function.

> It can alternatively be configured by environment variables, or from a YAML file as well. Options set using config options will take prescedence over environment or YAML configurations.

Reviewer: @iamemilio Wanted to clarify: I thought that YAML configs ARE the config file, and environment variables are separate. So there are two options for setting agent configs. This paragraph makes it seem like there are three:

1. Config file
2. Enviro
3. YAML

Can you clarify this?

  </Collapser>

</CollapserGroup>

## New Relic IAST [#go-IAST]

> [New Relic Interactive Applications Security Testing](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/iast/introduction/) (IAST) tests your applications for any exploitable vulnerability by replaying the generated HTTP request with vulnerable payloads. You can enable New Relic IAST by applying configurations to the Go agent that are then passed to the INIT function. You can make these configurations with the config file or with environment variables. Options set using config file take precedence over environment or YAML configurations, however we recommend setting the security agent up using a YAML file in order to be able to use config files for any New Relic Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[New Relic Interactive Applications Security Testing](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/iast/introduction/) (IAST) tests your applications for any exploitable vulnerability by replaying the generated HTTP request with vulnerable payloads. You can enable New Relic IAST by updating your Go app code with configurations that are passed to the INIT function. You can also make these configurations through a YAML file or with environment variables. 

Options set using INIT functions take precedence over environment or YAML configurations. That said, we recommend enabling IAST using a YAML file because those configurations will pass to other agents in your environment. 
```

i might've fudged some nuance with my first pass. Is this wording more accurate than the original? @iamemilio
